Add APM Troubleshooting diagrams (#12570)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/apm.md

You can configure the Agent to intake traces by using either `IP:Port`, Unix Domain Socket (UDS), or both. The Agent can receive traces from both setups at the same time if needed.

> {{< img src="tracing/visualization/troubleshooting_pipeline_kubernetes.png" alt="The APM troubleshooting pipeline: The tracer sends traces and metrics data from the application pod to the Agent pod, which sends it to the Datadog back end to be shown in the Datadog UI.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="tracing/visualization/troubleshooting_pipeline_kubernetes.png" alt="The APM troubleshooting pipeline: The tracer sends traces and metrics data from the application pod to the Agent pod, which sends it to the Datadog backend to be shown in the Datadog UI.">}}
```
